README.md, before:

# 2b-eebee
robot go boom boom

## Compiling

For basic compiling:
```cmd
g++ -I abstractRobot/ *.cpp -I upgrades/ *.h -o main.exe
```

As more folder is added, you have to specify multiple `-I <folder_name>` in the compiler command.

## Robot Upgrades
### Base Upgrades :
<ol>
  <li>
    Moving Type
    <ul>
      <li>HideBot</li>
      <li>JumpBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Shooting Type
    <ul>
      <li>LongShotBot</li>
      <li>SemiAutoBot</li>
      <li>ThirtyShotBot</li>
      <li>LandmineBot</li>
      <li>BombBot</li>
      <li>LaserBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Seeing Type
    <ul>
      <li>ScoutBot</li>
      <li>TrackBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ol>

### 2nd Tier Upgrades

1. LOOK + MOVE
    - [ ] HideScoutBot
    - [ ] HideTrackBot
    - [ ] JumpScoutBot
    - [ ] JumpTrackBot

2. SHOOT + MOVE
    - [ ] LongShotScoutBot
    - [ ] LongShotTrackBot
    - [ ] SemiAutoScoutBot
    - [ ] SemiAutoTrackBot
    - [ ] ThirtyShotScoutBot
    - [ ] ThirtyShotTrackBot
    - [ ] LandmineScoutBot
    - [ ] LandmineTrackBot
    - [ ] BombScoutBot
    - [ ] BombTrackBot
    - [ ] LaserScoutBot
    - [ ] LaserTrackBot

3. LOOK + SHOOT
    - [ ] HideLongShotBot
    - [ ] HideSemiAutoBot
    - [ ] HideThirtyShotBot
    - [ ] HideLandmineBot
    - [ ] HideBombBot
    - [ ] HideLaserBot
    - [ ] JumpLongShotBot
    - [ ] JumpSemiAutoBot
    - [ ] JumpThirtyShotBot
    - [ ] JumpLandmineBot
    - [ ] JumpBombBot
    - [ ] JumpLaserBot

Total: 28

### 3rd tier upgrade

- [ ] HideLongShotScoutBot
- [ ] HideLongShotTrackBot
- [ ] HideSemiAutoScoutBot
- [ ] HideSemiAutoTrackBot
- [ ] HideThirtyShotScoutBot
- [ ] HideThirtyShotTrackBot
- [ ] HideLandmineScoutBot
- [ ] HideLandmineTrackBot
- [ ] HideBombScoutBot
- [ ] HideBombTrackBot
- [ ] HideLaserScoutBot
- [ ] HideLaserTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLongShotScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLongShotTrackBot
- [ ] JumpSemiAutoScoutBot
- [ ] JumpSemiAutoTrackBot
- [ ] JumpThirtyShotScoutBot
- [ ] JumpThirtyShotTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLandmineScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLandmineTrackBot
- [ ] JumpBombScoutBot
- [ ] JumpBombTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLaserScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLaserTrackBot

Total: 24

Commit message:

chore: Update README with new compilation step

README.md, after:

# 2b-eebee
robot go boom boom

## Compiling

For basic compiling, go to the `src/` folder and run:
```cmd
python compiler.py
```
No 3rd party library needed.

If you have GNU Make installed, you might want to use that. Go into the `src/` folder and run:
```bash
make
```
The advantage is that compilation will be much faster since it has the ability to cache compiled parts.

## Robot Upgrades
### Base Upgrades :
<ol>
  <li>
    Moving Type
    <ul>
      <li>HideBot</li>
      <li>JumpBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Shooting Type
    <ul>
      <li>LongShotBot</li>
      <li>SemiAutoBot</li>
      <li>ThirtyShotBot</li>
      <li>LandmineBot</li>
      <li>BombBot</li>
      <li>LaserBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
    Seeing Type
    <ul>
      <li>ScoutBot</li>
      <li>TrackBot</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ol>

### 2nd Tier Upgrades

1. LOOK + MOVE
    - [ ] HideScoutBot
    - [ ] HideTrackBot
    - [ ] JumpScoutBot
    - [ ] JumpTrackBot

2. SHOOT + MOVE
    - [ ] LongShotScoutBot
    - [ ] LongShotTrackBot
    - [ ] SemiAutoScoutBot
    - [ ] SemiAutoTrackBot
    - [ ] ThirtyShotScoutBot
    - [ ] ThirtyShotTrackBot
    - [ ] LandmineScoutBot
    - [ ] LandmineTrackBot
    - [ ] BombScoutBot
    - [ ] BombTrackBot
    - [ ] LaserScoutBot
    - [ ] LaserTrackBot

3. LOOK + SHOOT
    - [ ] HideLongShotBot
    - [ ] HideSemiAutoBot
    - [ ] HideThirtyShotBot
    - [ ] HideLandmineBot
    - [ ] HideBombBot
    - [ ] HideLaserBot
    - [ ] JumpLongShotBot
    - [ ] JumpSemiAutoBot
    - [ ] JumpThirtyShotBot
    - [ ] JumpLandmineBot
    - [ ] JumpBombBot
    - [ ] JumpLaserBot

Total: 28

### 3rd tier upgrade

- [ ] HideLongShotScoutBot
- [ ] HideLongShotTrackBot
- [ ] HideSemiAutoScoutBot
- [ ] HideSemiAutoTrackBot
- [ ] HideThirtyShotScoutBot
- [ ] HideThirtyShotTrackBot
- [ ] HideLandmineScoutBot
- [ ] HideLandmineTrackBot
- [ ] HideBombScoutBot
- [ ] HideBombTrackBot
- [ ] HideLaserScoutBot
- [ ] HideLaserTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLongShotScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLongShotTrackBot
- [ ] JumpSemiAutoScoutBot
- [ ] JumpSemiAutoTrackBot
- [ ] JumpThirtyShotScoutBot
- [ ] JumpThirtyShotTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLandmineScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLandmineTrackBot
- [ ] JumpBombScoutBot
- [ ] JumpBombTrackBot
- [ ] JumpLaserScoutBot
- [ ] JumpLaserTrackBot

Total: 24
